# FeedFeed
#### This project is a part of the research topic "The integration of the mixed reality technology for physical health avaluation and promotion in pre-eldery and eldery people" 
#### The goal of this project was to develop game-promoted exercise software that covered all types of exercise including muscular strengthening, cardiovascular endurance, flexibility, and balance. Together with the mixed reality(MR) system, the design desired to encourage the pre-elderly to have more interactive physical activity. There were four games that covered the exercise type in terms of leaning, balancing, semi-squat, and cognitive activity. Feed Pet is one of them, the details was explained below.
#### The aim of this game was encourage the user to lean into different directions. And that encouraged the players to bend their back both longitudinally and laterally along with memory training. The game concept was to properly feed pets with their specific food, for instance, cats fed with fish, dogs fed with bones, and birds fed with seeds. When started, the food will be on the table in front of the player. These foods were interactable, the player simply performed far interactions triggered by pressing the thumb and index finger together. In addition, the pets spawned at random places in the game scene and disappeared if there was no interaction in a short period of time. Therefore, the player had to hold the food and reach for the pet in due time. There were two levels of difficulty, easy and hard. The duration of the game was 150 seconds for each level and as time was lessened, the pets would be disappeared and spawned faster. In easy levels, there were only 3 pets including a cat, a dog, and a bird. If the players fed the pets correctly, they will be gained 1 point at a time and 0 points if not. While in hard mode, a mouse and an extra rule were included in the game. If the player fed any food to a mouse, the score would be deducted by 3, and the exact way to avoid the score deduction was to wait for a mouse to disappear by itself.
#### The games were developed in Unity3d game engine version 2020.3.8 in the PC version which allowed users to interact with a keyboard and mouse. Then developed the mixed reality version in the Universal Windows Platform (UWP) to be built in HoloLens2.
